okay so today on my video blog we'll be
checking out the new Razer Naga MMO RPG
Mouse so if I could get the camera lady
as we're making do with today come in
here and have a look this is the
packaging for the Naga you can see that
it's got a little outline of the
features I mean the biggest feature of
this mouse is that you've got 12 buttons
on the side of it so you can map that to
any number of functions but you can see
it comes in Stu to stock configurations
so there's the basic numeric and it'll
map it to these keys and then there's
the advanced and it'll map it to your
number pad so I'm not sure what the
benefit of that is but you use a little
switch on the bottom of the mouse to
switch between them now general features
you've got a 3.5 GAA sensor organ amic
right-handed design so this is not an
ambidextrous design 100,000 Hertz ultra
poling laser and then let's have a look
at the back see if we can find anything
interesting
oh this uses a very very high-end laser
so you've actually got a fifty six
hundred dpi laser and 200 inches per
second of tracking and 50 G's of
acceleration so that's enough spec let's
get this thing out of the box because
that's what you all paid good money to
see this open we just just got these in
so I'm actually quite excited to see
this I'll be looking at it for the first
time as well and we can do a quick
comparison against a couple other mites
that I happen to have at my desk YouTube
so let's get it out of the packing and
okay kind of creates a neat effect like
it's floating in the in the green there
and then you can pull the wire out of
the plastic this way and compared to the
Mamba which I probably wouldn't have
been able to do an unboxing video of
because it was so hard to get out of the
box the Naga is quite painful painless
so you just take the plastic cover off
the bottom peel that up and then there's
another plastic cover protecting just at
the back of the mouse here let's just
take that off too and there we have it
there's oh no there's a couple more
things in here I'm sorry so at the back
we have stuck to it a little pouch which
can
I have no idea what it contains okay it
contains hmm a certificate of
authenticity the nagas grid trainer
whatever that means
so this is kind of seems to be oh this
is kind of oh this is neat these are
little bumps that you can place on the
side buttons to help you orient yourself
so you can use it kind of like the bumps
on the home row keys oh that's that's a
really neat feature because I'm
concerned that a lot of people have had
is that it's hard to feel which button
is which so that's pretty neat and then
there's a Quick Start Guide okay see
when your friends are playing there's
some kind of software add okay Razer
product catalog where you can check out
their other products should you see they
need to do that and this is okay card
that has a picture of the Naga on it and
you've got a couple Razer stickers and
then a master guide so this is the
complete instruction guide including a
message from Razer guy awesome so let's
get this cleared off the desk and let's
get the most itself plugged in here so
I'm just gonna plug it in to the back of
my keyboard let's do a quick size
comparison to actually since I have your
attention here so we've got a couple
mice that I can put next to it I've got
a g9 here and then I have the upcoming
steel series I so that gives you some
idea the the size of the mouse itself
now I want the camera camera lady to try
and get on the other side of me here
there we go so it comes with a total of
17 buttons yeah 17 mm Oh optimized
button so there's two buttons here
you've got 12 buttons on the side which
with my relatively small hands you know
I'm probably gonna have a little bit of
trouble reaching this bottom row but I
should be able to fairly comfortably hit
at least the top six and then the bottom
three without shifting around too much
and then on the other side yeah that's
that's all the buttons so then you've
got your left right middle click to here
and 12 on the side anyway thank you for
checking out the Razer Naga here's the
little switch I talked about where you
can switch between the number key
the number pad and yeah thank you for
checking out my blog I hope you enjoyed
it